Docs: ICP <> BTC and ICP <> ETH developer workflows (#2908)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/multi-chain/ethereum/using-eth/eth-dev-workflow.mdx

2. [Sign a transaction](signing-transactions.mdx): Next, a transaction must be signed before it can be submitted to the Ethereum network and executed. Transactions are signed using a canister's public key.

3. [Submit a transaction](submit-transactions.mdx): Signed raw transactions can be submitted using the EVM RPC canister's RPC method `eth_sendRawTransaction`. Code examples for sending transactions can be found in the [EVM RPC canister](/docs/current/developer-docs/multi-chain/ethereum/evm-rpc/evm-rpc-canister) documentation.

4. [Read information from the Ethereum network](/docs/current/developer-docs/multi-chain/ethereum/evm-rpc/evm-rpc-canister): Information from the Ethereum network can be queried using RPC methods such as:

    - `eth_getBlockByNumber`: Returns information about a given block.

    - `eth_getTransactionCount`: Returns the number of transactions for a specified address.

    - `eth_getTransactionReceipt`: Returns details about a submitted transaction.

    - `eth_feeHistory`: Returns the historical fee data to estimate gas prices for transactions.

>     - `eth_getLog`s: Returns the logs of a specified block or transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `eth_getLogs`: Returns the logs of a specified block or transaction.
```

Each of these steps can be executed programmatically within a smart contract that is deployed on ICP. View the [EVM RPC canister](/docs/current/developer-docs/multi-chain/ethereum/evm-rpc/evm-rpc-canister) documentation to see code examples for each RPC method.

> ## Integrating with Ethereum

Reviewer: If we remove the EVM RPC note, maybe we can make this section about SIWE wallet authentication only?

Author: Removed EVM RPC info and added additional SIWE info

> The Ethereum integration can be incorporated into dapps for several purposes, such as authentication, as shown in the [Sign In With Ethereum](siwe.mdx) example. Additional sample projects can be found in the [EVM RPC](../evm-rpc/samples.mdx) canister documentation.

Reviewer: I suggest moving the example of EVM RPC to Step 4 above as it relates to the EVM RPC.

Author: Revised per feedback

## Using ckETH

> Chain-key Ethereum (ckETH) is a digital twin token of Ethereum that is backed 1:1 with Ethereum held within an ICP smart contract. ckETH tokens comply with the [ICRC token standard](/docs/current/developer-docs/multi-chain/ethereum/cketh/overview).

Reviewer: Should we also mention ckUSDCSepolia as well?

Author: Added info about ckUSDCSepolia

## Integrating with Ethereum

The Ethereum integration can be incorporated into dapps for several purposes, such as authentication, as shown in the [Sign In With Ethereum (SIWE)](siwe.mdx) example. The SIWE exmaple showcases how to use an Ethereum wallet to sign into ICP applications. It creates a 1:1 correlation between Ethereum addresses and ICP principals within the scope of the application. It also guarantees that logging in with an Ethereum wallet will consistently produce the same principal regardless of the client used.

## Using ckETH

Chain-key Ethereum (ckETH) is a digital twin token of Ethereum that is backed 1:1 with Ethereum held within an ICP smart contract. ckETH tokens comply with the [ICRC token standard](/docs/current/developer-docs/multi-chain/ethereum/cketh/overview).

ckETH and other chain-key tokens can be interacted with in the same manner as other ICRC tokens. There aren't any special workflow steps, parameters, or smart contract types that must be used to integrate with chain-key tokens such as ckETH.

[Learn more about ckETH](/docs/current/developer-docs/multi-chain/ethereum/cketh/overview).

## Using ckERC20 tokens

> Current, the ckERC20 token ckUSDCSepolia is available for testing. This token is still under development and there may be bugs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the ckERC20 token ckUSDCSepolia is available for testing. This token is still under development and there may be bugs. 
```
